grandfather left my grandfather house on
my way in what you see you got it in
just industrial stuff what do you have
people work but you see how the
environment changes up once you get over
these train tracks there's a whole
nother that's a whole nother system of
the police is different you can even
just look inside of another hog light
pipe hit over there are people you care
about it like you can't lead a shit if
you throw up over there nothing business
about there so let's do prison how
certainly neighborhood is segregated
across much trash
I'm Amita Bellamy say uptown
doing is one everywhere
goes down
anybody hang out like that more you get
in trouble for that time let's go
under the third depending on the bursary
people don't know how that shit runs but
it starts daddy right stop by used to be
a tree
they change nothing at all you've been
here raggedy like this
take their starters go all that all that
Italy being the way it is and spread it
out with all my bank people and stuff
the sweat started at 65 watt Street pop
I'm different
hey buddy to me that's what Beal is to
be it right here
Oh buddy hanging out you know but they
go to camera right meet up with Shep you
got killed over there you know this is
to be
who needs to hang out at between here
and there machi scaring outside our
granny boo from the dope stay up here
your fan
yeah just a parking lot I used to get go
down our ask to pull up and park right
here with the music beating up right
over here Paul right here granny stay
right there that's what guys got killed
that main recipe that says up here doing
it D - yeah we should be fuck Twitter
somebody got killed somebody what we do
it's never not stop see I just rode up
here that ain't any they ain't put that
out there like that of none these are
drove up oniy go down great
you know